GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007
 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <https://fsf.org/>
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
                            Preamble
  The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for software and other 
kinds of works.
  The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed to take away 
your freedom to share and change the works.  By contrast, the GNU General Public 
License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change all versions of a 
program--to make sure it remains free software for all its users.  We, the Free 
Software Foundation, use the GNU General Public License for most of our software; it 
applies also to any other work released this way by its authors.  You can apply it 
to your programs, too.
  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price.  Our 
General Public Licenh), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, 
programs, and that you know you can do these things.
  To protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying you these rights or 
asking you to surrender the rights.  Therefore, you have certain responsibilities if 
you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it: responsibilities to 
respect the freedom of othea program, whether gratis or forure that they, too, 
receive or can get thpers that use the GNU GPL protect your rise giving you legal 
permission to coarly explains that there is ned versions be marked as changed, so 
thatSome devices are designed to denufacturer can do so.  This is fundamensystematic 
pattern of such ceptable.  Therefore, we have designise substantially in other 
domains, weeded to protect the freedom of u allow patents to restrict development 
anthe special danger that patents applied to a fes that patents cannot be used to 
ren modification follow.
         he GNU General Public License.
  "Cductor masks.
  "The Program" refers to".  "Licensees" and "recipientsart of the work in a fashion 
requiring ed a "modified version" of the eared Program or a work based on the 
Program.
  To make you directly or secondariodifying a private copy.  Propagation includes 
copylic, and in some countries othies to make or receive copies.  eying.
  An interactive user inteminently visible feature that (1) displays the work 
(except to the extent th view a copy of this License.  If
 the list meets this criteriong modifications to it.  "ther is an official standard 
defined byogramming language, one that is widely used ae work include anything, 
other than th but which is not part of that Major mplement a Standard Interface for 
in this context, means a major essenon which the executable work runs, or 
a"Corresponding Source" for able work) run the object code and to modifde the work's 
System Libraries, or genrming those activities but which are not ps associated with 
source filese work is specifically designed to re other parts of the work.
  Ter parts of the Corresponding Permissions.
  All rights grprovided the stated condition.  The output from running a cd work.  
This License acknowledun and propagate covered worksou may convey covered works to 
with facilities for running thowhich you do not control copyright.  Tf, under your 
direction and control, ir relationship with you.
  Colicensing is not allowed; sectNo covered work shall be deemed article 11 of the 
WIPO copyright treaty adopted on 20 f such measures.
  When you conto the extent such circumvention isclaim any intention to limit othird 
parties' legal rights toy verbatim copies of the Prograly publish on each copy an e 
terms added in accord with secipients a copy of this Liceand you may offer support 
or wased on the Program, or the4, provided that you also meet it, and giving a 
relevantense and any conditions addedll notices".
    c) You must a copy.  This
    License wilork, and all its parts,
    ry other way, but it does not ive user interfaces, each must do not display 
Appropriate Legal Notr separate and independent works,it such as to form a larger 
pilation and its resulting copyindividual works permit.  Incl the aggregate.
  6. Conveyinns 4 and 5, provided that you hese ways:
    a) Convey the obje accompanied by the
    Correspon b) Convey the object code in, or by a
    written offer, valid for ator that product
    model, to give l the software in the
    produce interchange, for a price no
    mccess to copy the
    Correspode with a copy of the
    wrand noncommercially, and
    only if yConvey the object code by offering access from ahe
    Corresponding Source in the sa copy the
    Corresponding Soure Corresponding Source
    may be ofacilities, provided you mainta.  Regardless of what server hoslong as 
needed to satisfy thesenform other peers where the object code charge under 
subsection 6d.
  A sepaource as a System Library, need product", which means any tangible per 
anything designed or sold for incorporcases shall be resolved in favor of cov a 
typical or common use of that class rticular user actually uses, or expectser the 
product has substantial commerc of use of the product.
  "Installatiother information required to install ann of its Corresponding Source.  
The infe is in no case prevented or interfereder this section in, or with, or 
specifiich the right of possession and use of tdless of how the 
transactioInstallation Information.  But this modified object code on the Usellation 
Information does not inchas been modified or installea network may be denied when 
the mhe rules and protocols for communided, in accord with this sectionublic in 
source code form), and ms.
  "Additional permissions" areconditions. Additional permissionis License, to the 
extent that, that part may be used separately underrd to the additional permissions.
  Wheissions from that copy, or fcases when you modify the work.)  Yu have or can 
give appropriated to a covered work, you may (if auth terms:
    a) Disclaiming warranty or lim or
    b) Requiring preservation of spppropriate Legal
    Notices displayed terial, or
    requiring that modified version; or
    d) Limiting the use foclining to grant rights under trademarkindemnification of 
licensors and author) with contractual assumptions of liabiliimpose on
    those licensors and authorthin the meaning of section 10.  If the Program rned 
by this License along with a tera further restriction but permits rely the terms of 
that license documef you add terms to a covered work in accord with this section, 
you must place, in the relevant source files, a statement of the additional terms 
that apply to those files, or a notice indicating where to find the applicable 
terms.
  Additional terms, permissive or non-permissive, may be stated in the form of a 
separately written license, or stated as exceptions; the above requirements apply 
either way.
  8. Termination.
  You may not propagate or modify a covered work except as expressly provided under 
this License.  Any attempt otherwise to propagate or modify it is void, and will 
automatically terminate your rights under this License (including any patent 
licenses granted under the third paragraph of section 11).
  However, if you cease all violation of this License, then your license from a 
particular copyright holder is reinstated (a) provisionally, unless and until the 
copyright holder explicitly and finally terminates your license, and (b) 
permanently, if the copyright
holder fails to notify you o
